feat(gitlab): add message about 'allow_failure' option on GitLab's CI jobs (#2051)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/platform/deployment/2000-01-01-deploy-with-gitlab.md

push to a selected branch of your repository. You can enable the "Auto deploy"
on your application when creating the link or later, with the following command:

> {% note %}

Reviewer: Can you also move the note elsewhere and not after the following paragraph:
```
With "Auto deploy" enabled, your application will be deployed every time you
push to a selected branch of your repository. You can enable the "Auto deploy"	push to a selected branch of your repository. You can enable the "Auto deploy"
on your application when creating the link or later, with the following command:	on your application when creating the link or later, with the following command:
```

Author: Moving it :slightly_smiling_face:

> GitLab CI jobs have the option `allow_failure` that allows jobs to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible on GitLab CI to enable an option on jobs (named `allow_failure`) that allows failed jobs to still execute others jobs.
```

Maybe better like that

Author: Muuuch better!

We take it into consideration when deploying your application or your review apps.<br>

> If one or more of your GitLab jobs failed but have this option enabled, the deployment will be triggered.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one or more of your GitLab jobs failed but have this option enabled, the deployment on Scalingo will be triggered.<br>
```

> But if one job without the option failed, the deployment is aborted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if one job without the option failed, the deployment will be aborted.
```

```
$ scalingo --app my-app integration-link

> ```

Author: Oh, my bad.
Done!
